Add maxMessageSizeBytes subscriber option (#16)
bluesky-social/jetstream: README.md

  - You can specify at most 100 wanted collections/prefixes.
- `wantedDids` - An array of Repo DIDs to filter which records you receive on your stream (Default empty = all repos)
  - You can specify at most 10,000 wanted DIDs.

> - `maxSize` - The maximum size of a payload that this client would like to receive. Zero means no limit, negative values are treated as zero. (Default "0" or empty = no maximum size)

Reviewer: not immediately clear how you specify the size i.e. bytes? megabytes? etc.

Reviewer: like further down i see this is bytes, but would be good to make it clearer here

> - `maxSize` - The maximum size of a payload that this client would like to receive. Zero means no limit, negative values are treated as zero. (Default "0" or empty = no maximum size)

Author: ```suggestion
- `maxSize` - The maximum size in bytes for a payload that this client would like to receive. Zero means no limit, negative values are treated as zero. (Default "0" or empty = no maximum size)
```
